Add a way to configure an OpenSearch distribution for the Elasticsearch DevService (#34958)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/elasticsearch-dev-services.adoc

== Configuring the image

> Dev Services for Elasticsearch support distributions based on both Elasticsearch and OpenSearch images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dev Services for Elasticsearch support distributions based on both Elasticsearch and OpenSearch images.

When using Hibernate Search, Dev Services will default to Elasticsearch or OpenSearch based on Hibernate Search configuration.

Otherwise, Dev Services will default to Elasticsearch. To use OpenSearch, configure the distribution explicitly:
[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
quarkus.elasticsearch.devservices.distribution=opensearch
----

```

> If you need to use a different Elasticsearch-based image than the default one you can configure it via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use a different Elasticsearch or OpenSearch image than the default one you can configure it via:
```

[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
quarkus.elasticsearch.devservices.image-name={elasticsearch-image}
----

> Alternatively, if an OpenSearch-based image should be used, the same property can be used:
> [source,properties,subs="attributes"]
> ----
> quarkus.elasticsearch.devservices.image-name={opensearch-image}
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For exotic image names, Quarkus might be unable to determine to infer the distribution (`elastic` or `opensearch`). In these cases starting the Dev Services will fail, and you will need to configure the distribution explicitly:

[source,properties,subs="attributes"]
----
quarkus.elasticsearch.devservices.image-name=my-custom-image-with-no-clue-about-the-distribution:1.0
quarkus.elasticsearch.devservices.distribution=elasticsearch
----
```
